Ans 1.

I'm a data science aspirant but as due to COVID and lack of jobs, 
I'm jobless and hence to pay such a huge amount is very difficult for me, 
but I need this certificate as to embark my knowledge and as well as to boost up my CV.
Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. 
So I’m badly in need of this financial aid. I want to take this course as I want to learn. 
This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. 
It will help perform better in understanding and learning this technology and give me an edge over my competitors. 
A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. 
I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. 
Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. 
I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer-reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

Ans 2.

I've completed few of other courses on Coursera only that are the pre-qualification for such course and moreover it is a certification 
that will definitely boost up my CV and moreover I'm looking forward to studying in the same field only. 
So definitely it will help me achieve my career goals.

This course will help me in defining Data Science, 
understanding how Python could potentially impact our business and industry, 
to write a thought leadership piece regarding use cases and industry potential of Data Science, 
explain Data Science to clients, friends, joining a community of economists, business leaders, entrepreneurs, 
and technologists that are shaping this technology as we speak. 
Identifying which aspects of Data Science seem most important and relevant to us, Walking away with a strong 
foundation in where Data Science is going, what it does, and how to prepare for it. Data Science course will help me 
achieve it to learn. Courses on Coursera helped me to greatly increase my programming knowledge in the past.

Ans 3.

 I don’t have enough money to invest in my education, I can invest only my time now.
